Yun Linlong, what exactly did you do to the emperor?
Teacher explains to Aijia!
Sister, I have said it before,
The number of your clothes is the triangular crotch,
He actually wanted to cure the emperor.
Now that you have made it through, I am afraid that the Japanese network will be implicated by you.
You talk!
Fortunately, if there is no problem with my husband's, I can guarantee it.
Yes, my wife is well-dressed and free of charge.
It will definitely not be a yang. As for why the emperor is lucky,
I absolutely need to conduct a thorough investigation and general analysis.
The emperor is like this because he knows the medicine of analysis,
Now I asked my sister to go up to see Cha,
I think it’s better to ask Dr. Wang to come over and treat Yi Tui Yun Linlong.
If it is what I love, I know
You continue to harm the emperor's love for his family
I will never let you go
Quan Wang's Imperial Physician
What happened
you always say
The Emperor's Appearance
Urgent and solved in Ruo
real loss
She is the poisoned dressed-up sister
How dare you scare the emperor with poison?
I don't have any luck
It's enough for you to troll people if you don't go there enough.
I don't have enough seats to complain
The emperor has not had much taste these days.
didn't eat anything
I only took the medicine delivered for a few days
If it weren’t for my sister’s heavy rain, who else could be Wang Guifei?
The incident has not yet been fully investigated
Don’t just take it easy, the former king, the prince
No matter what the original king says,
My sister is blind even if she doesn’t have sex.
Uncle Qing's sister took out the political situation and left Luo
You may be innocent